NAME                        VERSION                                  TYPE                   
adduser                     3.118ubuntu5                             deb                     
aioesphomeapi               29.3.2                                   python                  
aiohappyeyeballs            2.6.1                                    python                  
ajsonrpc                    1.2.0                                    python                  
anyio                       4.8.0                                    python                  
apt                         2.4.13                                   deb                     
apt-utils                   2.4.13                                   deb                     
argcomplete                 3.6.0                                    python                  
async-interrupt             1.2.2                                    python                  
async-timeout               4.0.3                                    python                  
autocommand                 2.2.2                                    python                  
backports-tarfile           1.2.0                                    python                  
base-files                  12ubuntu4.7                              deb                     
base-passwd                 3.5.52build1                             deb                     
bash                        5.1-6ubuntu1.1                           deb                     
bash                        5.1.16                                   binary                  
bitarray                    3.0.0                                    python                  
bitstring                   4.3.0                                    python                  
bottle                      0.13.2                                   python                  
bsdutils                    1:2.37.2-4ubuntu3.4                      deb                     
ca-certificates             20240203~22.04.1                         deb                     
cairocffi                   1.7.1                                    python                  
cairosvg                    2.7.1                                    python                  
catatonit                   0.1.7-1                                  deb                     
certifi                     2025.1.31                                python                  
cffi                        1.17.1                                   python                  
chacha20poly1305-reuseable  0.13.2                                   python                  
charset-normalizer          3.4.1                                    python                  
click                       8.1.7                                    python                  
colorama                    0.4.6                                    python                  
coreutils                   8.32-4.1ubuntu1.2                        deb                     
cron                        3.0pl1-137ubuntu3                        deb                     
cryptography                43.0.0                                   python                  
cssselect2                  0.8.0                                    python                  
curl                        7.81.0-1ubuntu1.20                       deb                     
dash                        0.5.11+git20210903+057cd650a4ed-3build1  deb                     
debconf                     1.5.79ubuntu1                            deb                     
debianutils                 5.5-1ubuntu2                             deb                     
defusedxml                  0.7.1                                    python                  
diffutils                   1:3.8-0ubuntu2                           deb                     
dirmngr                     2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb                     
dpkg                        1.21.1ubuntu2.3                          deb                     
e2fsprogs                   1.46.5-2ubuntu1.2                        deb                     
ecdsa                       0.19.1                                   python                  
esphome                     2025.2.2                                 python                  
esphome-dashboard           20250212.0                               python                  
esphome-glyphsets           0.1.0                                    python                  
esptool                     4.7.0                                    python                  
exceptiongroup              1.2.2                                    python                  
findutils                   4.8.0-1ubuntu3                           deb                     
freetype-py                 2.5.1                                    python                  
gcc-12-base                 12.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                    deb                     
gnupg                       2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb                     
gnupg-l10n                  2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb                     
gnupg-utils                 2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb                     
gpg                         2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb                     
gpg-agent                   2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb                     
gpg-wks-client              2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb                     
gpg-wks-server              2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb                     
gpgconf                     2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb                     
gpgsm                       2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb                     
gpgv                        2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb                     
grep                        3.7-1build1                              deb                     
gzip                        1.10                                     binary                  
gzip                        1.10-4ubuntu4.1                          deb                     
h11                         0.14.0                                   python                  
hostname                    3.23ubuntu2                              deb                     
icmplib                     3.0.4                                    python                  
idna                        3.10                                     python                  
ifaddr                      0.2.0                                    python                  
importlib-metadata          8.0.0                                    python                  
inflect                     7.3.1                                    python                  
init-system-helpers         1.62                                     deb                     
intelhex                    2.3.0                                    python                  
iputils-ping                3:20211215-1                             deb                     
jaraco-collections          5.1.0                                    python                  
jaraco-context              5.3.0                                    python                  
jaraco-functools            4.0.1                                    python                  
jaraco-text                 3.12.1                                   python                  
jq                          1.6-2.1ubuntu3                           deb                     
kconfiglib                  13.7.1                                   python                  
libacl1                     2.3.1-1                                  deb                     
libapt-pkg6.0               2.4.13                                   deb                     
libassuan0                  2.5.5-1build1                            deb                     
libattr1                    1:2.5.1-1build1                          deb                     
libaudit-common             1:3.0.7-1build1                          deb                     
libaudit1                   1:3.0.7-1build1                          deb                     
libblkid1                   2.37.2-4ubuntu3.4                        deb                     
libbrotli1                  1.0.9-2build6                            deb                     
libbsd0                     0.11.5-1                                 deb                     
libbz2-1.0                  1.0.8-5build1                            deb                     
libc-bin                    2.35-0ubuntu3.9                          deb                     
libc6                       2.35-0ubuntu3.9                          deb                     
libcap-ng0                  0.7.9-2.2build3                          deb                     
libcap2                     1:2.44-1ubuntu0.22.04.2                  deb                     
libcap2-bin                 1:2.44-1ubuntu0.22.04.2                  deb                     
libcbor0.8                  0.8.0-2ubuntu1                           deb                     
libcom-err2                 1.46.5-2ubuntu1.2                        deb                     
libcrypt1                   1:4.4.27-1                               deb                     
libcurl4                    7.81.0-1ubuntu1.20                       deb                     
libdb5.3                    5.3.28+dfsg1-0.8ubuntu3                  deb                     
libdebconfclient0           0.261ubuntu1                             deb                     
libedit2                    3.1-20210910-1build1                     deb                     
libexpat1                   2.4.7-1ubuntu0.5                         deb                     
libext2fs2                  1.46.5-2ubuntu1.2                        deb                     
libffi8                     3.4.2-4                                  deb                     
libfido2-1                  1.10.0-1                                 deb                     
libgcc-s1                   12.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                    deb                     
libgcrypt20                 1.9.4-3ubuntu3                           deb                     
libgmp10                    2:6.2.1+dfsg-3ubuntu1                    deb                     
libgnutls30                 3.7.3-4ubuntu1.6                         deb                     
libgpg-error0               1.43-3                                   deb                     
libgssapi-krb5-2            1.19.2-2ubuntu0.6                        deb                     
libhogweed6                 3.7.3-1build2                            deb                     
libidn2-0                   2.3.2-2build1                            deb                     
libjq1                      1.6-2.1ubuntu3                           deb                     
libk5crypto3                1.19.2-2ubuntu0.6                        deb                     
libkeyutils1                1.6.1-2ubuntu3                           deb                     
libkrb5-3                   1.19.2-2ubuntu0.6                        deb                     
libkrb5support0             1.19.2-2ubuntu0.6                        deb                     
libksba8                    1.6.0-2ubuntu0.2                         deb                     
libldap-2.5-0               2.5.18+dfsg-0ubuntu0.22.04.3             deb                     
libldap-common              2.5.18+dfsg-0ubuntu0.22.04.3             deb                     
liblz4-1                    1.9.3-2build2                            deb                     
liblzma5                    5.2.5-2ubuntu1                           deb                     
libmd0                      1.0.4-1build1                            deb                     
libmount1                   2.37.2-4ubuntu3.4                        deb                     
libmpdec3                   2.5.1-2build2                            deb                     
libncurses6                 6.3-2ubuntu0.1                           deb                     
libncursesw6                6.3-2ubuntu0.1                           deb                     
libnettle8                  3.7.3-1build2                            deb                     
libnghttp2-14               1.43.0-1ubuntu0.2                        deb                     
libnpth0                    1.6-3build2                              deb                     
libnsl2                     1.3.0-2build2                            deb                     
libonig5                    6.9.7.1-2build1                          deb                     
libp11-kit0                 0.24.0-6build1                           deb                     
libpam-modules              1.4.0-11ubuntu2.5                        deb                     
libpam-modules-bin          1.4.0-11ubuntu2.5                        deb                     
libpam-runtime              1.4.0-11ubuntu2.5                        deb                     
libpam0g                    1.4.0-11ubuntu2.5                        deb                     
libpcre2-8-0                10.39-3ubuntu0.1                         deb                     
libpcre3                    2:8.39-13ubuntu0.22.04.1                 deb                     
libprocps8                  2:3.3.17-6ubuntu2.1                      deb                     
libpsl5                     0.21.0-1.2build2                         deb                     
libpython3-stdlib           3.10.6-1~22.04.1                         deb                     
libpython3.10-minimal       3.10.12-1~22.04.9                        deb                     
libpython3.10-stdlib        3.10.12-1~22.04.9                        deb                     
libreadline8                8.1.2-1                                  deb                     
librtmp1                    2.4+20151223.gitfa8646d.1-2build4        deb                     
libsasl2-2                  2.1.27+dfsg2-3ubuntu1.2                  deb                     
libsasl2-modules            2.1.27+dfsg2-3ubuntu1.2                  deb                     
libsasl2-modules-db         2.1.27+dfsg2-3ubuntu1.2                  deb                     
libseccomp2                 2.5.3-2ubuntu3~22.04.1                   deb                     
libselinux1                 3.3-1build2                              deb                     
libsemanage-common          3.3-1build2                              deb                     
libsemanage2                3.3-1build2                              deb                     
libsepol2                   3.3-1build1                              deb                     
libsmartcols1               2.37.2-4ubuntu3.4                        deb                     
libsqlite3-0                3.37.2-2ubuntu0.3                        deb                     
libss2                      1.46.5-2ubuntu1.2                        deb                     
libssh-4                    0.9.6-2ubuntu0.22.04.3                   deb                     
libssl3                     3.0.2-0ubuntu1.19                        deb                     
libstdc++6                  12.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                    deb                     
libsystemd0                 249.11-0ubuntu3.12                       deb                     
libtasn1-6                  4.18.0-4ubuntu0.1                        deb                     
libtinfo6                   6.3-2ubuntu0.1                           deb                     
libtirpc-common             1.3.2-2ubuntu0.1                         deb                     
libtirpc3                   1.3.2-2ubuntu0.1                         deb                     
libudev1                    249.11-0ubuntu3.12                       deb                     
libunistring2               1.0-1                                    deb                     
libuuid1                    2.37.2-4ubuntu3.4                        deb                     
libxxhash0                  0.8.1-1                                  deb                     
libzstd1                    1.4.8+dfsg-3build1                       deb                     
locales                     2.35-0ubuntu3.9                          deb                     
login                       1:4.8.1-2ubuntu2.2                       deb                     
logsave                     1.46.5-2ubuntu1.2                        deb                     
lsb-base                    11.1.0ubuntu4                            deb                     
marshmallow                 3.26.1                                   python                  
mawk                        1.3.4.20200120-3                         deb                     
media-types                 7.0.0                                    deb                     
more-itertools              10.3.0                                   python                  
mount                       2.37.2-4ubuntu3.4                        deb                     
my-test-package             1.0                                      python                  
ncurses-base                6.3-2ubuntu0.1                           deb                     
ncurses-bin                 6.3-2ubuntu0.1                           deb                     
netcat                      1.218-4ubuntu1                           deb                     
netcat-openbsd              1.218-4ubuntu1                           deb                     
noiseprotocol               0.3.1                                    python                  
openssh-client              1:8.9p1-3ubuntu0.11                      deb                     
openssl                     3.0.2-0ubuntu1.19                        deb                     
packaging                   24.2                                     python  (+1 duplicate)  
paho-mqtt                   1.6.1                                    python                  
passwd                      1:4.8.1-2ubuntu2.2                       deb                     
perl-base                   5.34.0-3ubuntu1.3                        deb                     
pillow                      10.4.0                                   python                  
pinentry-curses             1.1.1-1build2                            deb                     
pip                         22.0.2                                   python                  
platformdirs                4.2.2                                    python                  
platformio                  6.1.16                                   python                  
procps                      2:3.3.17-6ubuntu2.1                      deb                     
protobuf                    6.30.1                                   python                  
publicsuffix                20211207.1025-1                          deb                     
puremagic                   1.27                                     python                  
pycparser                   2.22                                     python                  
pyelftools                  0.32                                     python                  
pyparsing                   3.2.1                                    python                  
pyserial                    3.5                                      python                  
python3                     3.10.6-1~22.04.1                         deb                     
python3-distutils           3.10.8-1~22.04                           deb                     
python3-lib2to3             3.10.8-1~22.04                           deb                     
python3-minimal             3.10.6-1~22.04.1                         deb                     
python3-pip                 22.0.2+dfsg-1ubuntu0.5                   deb                     
python3-pkg-resources       59.6.0-1.2ubuntu0.22.04.2                deb                     
python3-setuptools          59.6.0-1.2ubuntu0.22.04.2                deb                     
python3-wheel               0.37.1-2ubuntu0.22.04.1                  deb                     
python3.10                  3.10.12-1~22.04.9                        deb                     
python3.10-minimal          3.10.12-1~22.04.9                        deb                     
pyyaml                      6.0.2                                    python                  
readline-common             8.1.2-1                                  deb                     
reedsolo                    1.7.0                                    python                  
requests                    2.32.3                                   python                  
ruamel-yaml                 0.18.6                                   python                  
ruamel-yaml-clib            0.2.12                                   python                  
sed                         4.8-1ubuntu2                             deb                     
semantic-version            2.10.0                                   python                  
sensible-utils              0.0.17                                   deb                     
setuptools                  59.6.0                                   python                  
setuptools                  76.0.0                                   python                  
six                         1.17.0                                   python                  
sniffio                     1.3.1                                    python                  
starlette                   0.39.2                                   python                  
sysvinit-utils              3.01-1ubuntu1                            deb                     
tabulate                    0.9.0                                    python                  
tar                         1.34+dfsg-1ubuntu0.1.22.04.2             deb                     
tinycss2                    1.4.0                                    python                  
tomli                       2.0.1                                    python                  
tornado                     6.4                                      python                  
typeguard                   4.3.0                                    python                  
typing-extensions           4.12.2                                   python  (+1 duplicate)  
tzdata                      2024b-0ubuntu0.22.04.1                   deb                     
tzdata                      2025.1                                   python                  
tzlocal                     5.2                                      python                  
ubuntu-keyring              2021.03.26                               deb                     
urllib3                     2.3.0                                    python                  
usrmerge                    25ubuntu2                                deb                     
util-linux                  2.37.2-4ubuntu3.4                        deb                     
uvicorn                     0.30.6                                   python                  
voluptuous                  0.14.2                                   python                  
webencodings                0.5.1                                    python                  
wheel                       0.37.1                                   python                  
wheel                       0.43.0                                   python                  
wheel                       0.45.1                                   python                  
wsproto                     1.2.0                                    python                  
zeroconf                    0.145.1                                  python                  
zipp                        3.19.2                                   python                  
zlib1g                      1:1.2.11.dfsg-2ubuntu9.2                 deb                     
